#Andgit 
###__("Knowledge" in Old English)__

This project is a wiki creator built with Ruby on Rails and the pages have been written using HAML. Testing of the application is done through RSpec and Capybara. Some of the gems that have been used in the project are the following: 

**Gems**

* Devise
* Pundit
* Stripe
* Bourbon
* HAML 
* RSpec
* Capybara
* FactoryGirl

**Bower**

* Bootstrap-Sass
* Angular (if you want to use it)
* Font Awesome
* jQuery

##Installation/Clone
To clone the repository, please type in your console `git clone https://github.com/AbdullahAlger/blocipedia.git`
The repository is forkable (yes, I made that up), and I encourage any amendments to the code to make it better if you'd like. Otherwise, it is what it is. 
To install the required gems, type in your console `bundle install` and all the pretty gems will magically install.

##Frontend
All of the frontend CSS has been written using Sass, and Bower has been included to support the downloading of libraries, in order to avoid cluttering the Gem file. If you wanted to include Angular or other frameworks, it's possible to use Bower to install all your necessary libraries for the frontend of your own project. Use `bower init` and then proceed to use the command `bower install <whatever> --save-dev`. All of the downloaded files are located in the `vendor/components/` folder which should be generated once you do a `bower init` and `bower install <whatever>`.
 
##Users 
To create a user, just click "register", which will bring you to the registration page. This has been generated by Devise. The styling here is rough and will be updated in future releases. However, the intent here is just to get you registered in order to play with the site. Once you have registered, you will be sent an email notifying you that your account has been created in order for you to sign in. 

###Standard and Premium Users
All users are by default standard users, so you will not have access to create private wikis and add collaborators to your project. If you would like to do this, you can click the button "Go Premium" and it will take you to the "Edit User" page to click the "Join Premium" link. Once you've done that, it will take you to a disclosure page and then you can click the "Pay with Card" button that will allow you to pay with a credit card. Just put a dummy card in there from Stripe in order to become a premium user. You don't have to pay!

##Viewing Wikis
Once you login, you will be directed to your login page. You will see a list of wikis that are viewable and editable. Wikis that are also private are visible to you if you own them. If you click the tab "My Wikis", you can see a list of all the wikis you own. That's pretty nifty!

##Creating Wikis
Everyone can create wikis. You can use just plain-Jane text or you can use markdown. Whatever you prefer is good!. If you are a private user, you will see a checkbox that will allow you to privatize your wikis so that only you can see them. 

##Editing and Adding Collborators
If you want to edit a wiki, just click on it and select edit. Once you are inside, you can add collaborators if you are a premium user. Adding collaborators is a premium feature. Editing wikis is not limited to only your wiki, but to all. If you want to edit wikis, you can if you can see them. Private wikis cannot be edited by others, except if you add collaborators to them.

##Deleting Wikis
Just click on the wiki you want to delete and select delete. It will ask you to confirm that you want to delete the wiki first.